PROJECT AGREEMENT
Statement of Work & Terms and Conditions
This Project Agreement outlines the scope of work, investment, and terms governing the services to be provided by
Unbridled Media, LLC for the project described below.
PROJECT SUMMARY:
Client Company Name Project Title
Address
Agreement Date Total Project Investment
Client Contact Unbridled Media Contact
PROJECT INVESTMENT:
This Statement of Work (“SOW”), together with any exhibits or attachments, is entered into between Unbridled Media LLC
(“Unbridled Media”) and the client identified below (“Client”).
Subtotal
Pre-Production / Creative Costs
Creative development, planning, logistics, and coordination.
Production Costs
Crew, equipment, and resources required to capture content and execute shoot(s).
Post-Production Costs
Editing, color, sound, motion graphics, revisions, and delivery of final assets.
Travel Costs
Projected costs associated with crew travel, including airfare, lodging, per diem, ground
transportation, and insurance.
TOTAL PROJECT INVESTMENT:
TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
ResMed	ResMed ASM 2026
1115 Grant St. Denver, CO 80203
06/23/2026	$14,950
Addison Northup	Alex Northup
$14,950
$14,950

-- 1 of 12 --

PROJECT AGREEMENT
Statement of Work & Terms and Conditions
These Standard Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) apply to and govern certain services to be
provided by Unbridled Media LLC (“Company”) to the customer (“Customer”) identified in an order form,
statement of work, or similar document (“Order”) agreed to by Company and Customer incorporating by
reference these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions together with any Order(s) are collectively
referred to as this “Agreement.” In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of these Terms and
Conditions and those of an Order, the terms and conditions of the Order will prevail and control, but only with
respect to that specific Order. THE PROVISION OF SERVICES UNDER AN ORDER IS EXPRESSLY MADE
CONDITIONAL ON CUSTOMER’S ASSENT TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, AND COMPANY
AGREES TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES DESCRIBED IN AN ORDER ONLY UPON THESE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS.
Any different or additional terms set forth in Customer’s purchase order, invoice or similar document are
specifically excluded; provided, however, IN THE EVENT THAT CUSTOMER AND COMPANY HAVE
EXECUTED A SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT GOVERNING THE SERVICES (“MASTER SERVICES
AGREEMENT”), THE TERMS OF THAT MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT WILL APPLY IN PLACE OF
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS WILL BE OF NO FORCE OR
EFFECT WITH RESPECT TO SUCH SERVICES.
1. Definitions. As used in this Agreement or any Appendix hereto:
1.1. “Deliverable(s)” means a deliverable delivered pursuant to a Statement of Work.
1.2. “Fees” means the fees for the provision of Services and Deliverables set forth in the applicable
Statement of Work.
1.3. “Intellectual Property Rights” means all known or hereafter existing worldwide copyrights,
trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, patents, patent applications, know-how, moral rights, contract
rights, and other proprietary rights.
1.4. “Services” means those graphic design, videography, photography, production, content creation,
branding, development, planning, managing, coordinating, implementing, consulting, customization,
professional and other services and assistance to be provided by Company or its subcontractors to
Customer as described in any applicable Statement of Work.
1.5. “Statement of Work” means an Order that details the general engagement plan for any Services to
be performed by Company under this Agreement, executed pursuant to and made a part of this
Agreement from time to time.
1.6. Capitalized terms not specifically outlined in this Section shall have the respective meanings
ascribed to them in this Agreement.
2. Scope of Services.
2.1. Statements of Work. If the parties have executed a Statement of Work for the performance of
Services, then subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including without limitation,
payment by Customer of the Fees in accordance with any payment schedule agreed to by the parties in
the Statement of Work, Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to perform the Services in
accordance with such Statement of Work.
2.2. Estimated Cost and Timeframes of Services. Customer acknowledges that costs, time frames and
dates for completion of the Services as set out in a Statement of Work are estimates only and the ability
to meet them is influenced by a range of factors including: (a) the developing nature of the scope of

-- 2 of 12 --

PROJECT AGREEMENT
Statement of Work & Terms and Conditions
work described in the Statement of Work; (b) the performance of third party contractors involved in the
process; and (c) times of response by and level of cooperation of Customer. Obligations as to time are
therefore on a “reasonable efforts” basis only and Company shall not be liable for failure to meet time
frames or completion dates except to the extent resulting from Company’s gross negligence. In
addition, Company shall not be liable for failure to meet time frames or completion dates for Services to
the extent any such failure is due to an act or omission of Customer.
2.3. Customer Assistance. Customer shall provide Company with such resources, information and
assistance as Company may reasonably request in connection with the performance of the Services.
2.4. Company Retention of Project Materials. Upon completion of the Services and delivery of the
completed Deliverables and supporting files as contemplated under the applicable Order (“Project
Materials”) to Customer, Company shall have no obligation to retain, archive, or store any Project
Materials beyond the date of completion of the Services or term of the applicable Order (“Order
Completion”). If Customer desires Company to retain Project Materials for a period beyond Order
Completion, such retention must be requested in writing by Customer prior to completion, termination or
expiration of the Order Form and shall be subject to separate agreement between the parties regarding
applicable storage fees. Absent such an agreement, Company may delete or otherwise dispose of the
Project Materials at its discretion without any further obligation to Customer after Order Completion.
3. Term and Termination.
3.1. Term. The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will continue until terminated
as provided in Section 3.2 (the “Term”).
3.2. Termination. Either party may terminate this Agreement, any Statement of Work then in-effect, if the
other party (a) breaches any material provision of this Agreement and does not cure such breach within
fifteen (15) days after receiving written notice thereof; (b) shall formally declare bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, liquidation, or receivership; or (c) shall have instigated against it bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, liquidation, or receivership proceedings, and shall fail to remove itself from such
proceedings within ten (10) days from the date of institution of such proceedings. At any time, either
party may terminate this Agreement one or more particular Statements of Work for any reason, or for
no reason, by providing thirty (30) days’ written notice to the other party, subject to Section 4.6.
3.3. Effects of Termination. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason: (a) all
Statements of Works under this Agreement will immediately terminate; (b) all rights granted in this
Agreement and any Statement of Work will immediately cease to exist; and (c) Customer will return to
Company or destroy all copies of the Documentation in Customer’s possession. Upon termination or
expiration of any Statement of Work for any reason, any amounts owed to Company under that
Statement of Work before such termination or expiration will be immediately due and payable, including
any amounts due for Services performed and expenses incurred prior to such termination or expiration,
without regard to whether any invoices had or had not been issued, and Customer shall pay any
applicable Cancellation Fees (as defined below) pursuant to Section 4.6. If either party terminates a
Statement of Work, such termination will have no effect upon any other Statement of Work that may be
in effect unless either party terminates such other Statement of Work in accordance with this
Agreement.
3.4. Survival. Sections 3.3, 3.4, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10, together with any accrued payment obligations,
will survive expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason.
4. Fees and Payment.

-- 3 of 12 --

PROJECT AGREEMENT
Statement of Work & Terms and Conditions
4.1. Fees. Customer will timely pay Company all Fees as specified in the Statement of Work. In the
event a Statement of Work does not reference any specific pricing, such Services shall be performed at
Company’s then-current rates on a time and materials basis; that is, Customer shall pay Company for
the time spent performing the relevant Services, plus materials, taxes (if applicable) and expenses. Any
monetary limit referenced in a Statement of Work shall be an estimate only for the purposes of
Customer’s budgeting and Company’s resource scheduling unless expressly stated to be a definitive
limit. All Fees shall be considered earned as work is performed.
4.2. Expenses. Customer will reimburse Company for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including
travel and accommodation expenses) incurred by Company in providing the Services. Company
reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to require Customer to pre-pay any third-party expenses that
Company reasonably expects to incur in connection with the Services. Upon Company’s request,
Customer shall promptly pre-pay such third-party expenses before Company incurs them. Company will
provide Customer with documentation of such third-party expenses upon request.
4.3. Payment Terms. Unless otherwise expressly provided in an applicable Order, and except as set
forth in Section 4.2 with respect to third-party expenses, Customer will pay Company eighty percent
(80%) of the Order budget set forth in the applicable Order within thirty (30) days after the parties duly
execute such Order. The remaining twenty percent (20%) of the Order budget shall be due within thirty
(30) days after Order Completion. All payments must be made in U.S. dollars. If any sum required to be
paid hereunder is not paid when due, interest shall accrue on the unpaid amounts at the rate of
eighteen percent (18%) per annum until paid or such maximum interest rate permitted under applicable
law, whichever is less.
4.4. Taxes. Fees do not include any sales, use, or other taxes, or any applicable export and import fees,
customs duties or similar charges (collectively “Taxes”), all of which shall be Customer’s responsibility.
To the extent any such Taxes are required to be collected and paid by Company, they will be invoiced to
Customer.
4.5. Additions, Changes, Rush Charges. Should Customer request (i) a change or addition to the
Services beyond the scope of the applicable Statement of Work, such as significant revisions to
approved script(s) or edited video(s), the addition of new elements, or the replacement of new designs
after an existing concept has been approved and/or completed; or (ii) request expedited processing,
accelerated timelines, or deviations from the agreed-upon schedule (collectively a “Customer Change”),
Company will invoice for such Customer Change in addition to the Fees in the applicable Statement of
Work.
4.6. Cancellation. Should this Agreement or a Statement of Work be terminated by Customer prior to its
completion (except for termination by Customer pursuant to Sections 3.2(a), 3.2(b) or 3.2(c)), or be
terminated by Company pursuant to Sections 3.2(a), 3.2(b) or 3.2(c), a cancellation fee shall be due to
Company; provided, however, in no event shall the cancellation fee exceed the total Fees agreed upon
in the applicable Statement of Work (“Cancellation Fee”). The Cancellation Fee shall be due and
payable within thirty (30) days of the applicable early termination. The Cancellation Fee shall be the
greater of 4.6.1 and 4.6.2, as set forth below:
4.6.1. If cancellation occurs prior to Order Completion, Customer shall be responsible for a Cancellation
Fee based on the percentage of completion of the applicable Order, as reasonably determined and
documented by Company, as follows:
4.6.1.1. 0-25% completion – Customer shall pay 25% of the total Order budget.

-- 4 of 12 --

PROJECT AGREEMENT
Statement of Work & Terms and Conditions
4.6.1.2. 26-50% completion – Customer shall pay 50% of the total Order budget.
4.6.1.3. 51-75% completion – Customer shall pay 75% of the total Order budget.
4.6.1.4. 76-100% completion – Customer shall pay 100% of the total Order budget.
4.6.2. The total of Company’s billable rates incurred for Services rendered up to the effective
cancellation date, plus all non-cancelable obligations incurred by Company in connection with the
Services.
4.6.3. Notwithstanding anything herein, if cancellation occurs within one (1) week of the anticipated
Order Completion, Customer shall pay an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the total
Order budget.
5. Representations and Warranties.
5.1. Mutual Warranties. Each party represents and warrants that it has the legal power and authority to
enter into this Agreement.
5.2. Limited Warranty. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Company warrants to
Customer that the Services will be performed in a professional manner consistent with industry
standards and in accordance with the applicable Statement of Work. Company shall, as its sole
obligation and Customer’s sole and exclusive remedy for any breach of the warranty set forth in this
Section 5.2, re-perform the Services which gave rise to the breach or, at Company’s option, refund the
fees paid by Customer for the Services which gave rise to the breach; provided that Customer shall
notify Company in writing of the breach within thirty (30) days following its receipt of the defective
Deliverable or the performance of the defective Services, specifying the breach in sufficient detail.
5.3. Customer Warranties. Customer may provide to Company certain graphics, logos, trademarks,
images, names, data or other information for Company’s use in the Services (“Customer Content”).
Customer represents and warrants that it holds all necessary rights to permit Company’s use of the
Customer Content for the purpose of this Agreement, and that the use, reproduction, distribution,
transmission or display of Customer Content, will not: (a) violate any criminal laws or any rights of any
third parties; or (b) contain any material that is unlawful or otherwise objectionable, including without
limitation any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil
liability, or otherwise violate any applicable law. Customer further represents and warrants that its use
of any Deliverables shall comply with all applicable laws, regulations.
5.4. Disclaimer. EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN SECTION 5.2, THE
SERVICES, DELIVERABLES, AND ANY COMPANY PROPERTY ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” COMPANY
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT, AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES
ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR COURSE OF DEALING. COMPANY DOES
NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES, DELIVERABLES, OR THE COMPANY PROPERTY WILL
MEET CUSTOMER’S REQUIREMENTS.
6. Confidentiality.
6.1. Protection of Confidential Information. Each party (the “Disclosing Party”) may from time to time
disclose to the other party (the “Receiving Party”) certain information regarding the business of the
Disclosing Party and its suppliers, including technical, marketing, financial, employee, planning, and
other confidential or proprietary information (“Confidential Information”). Any information that the

-- 5 of 12 --

PROJECT AGREEMENT
Statement of Work & Terms and Conditions
Receiving Party knew or should have known, under the circumstances, was considered confidential or
proprietary by the Disclosing Party will be considered Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party.
6.2. Protection of Confidential Information. The Receiving Party will not use any Confidential
Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose not expressly permitted by this Agreement, and will
disclose the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only to the employees or contractors of the
Receiving Party who have a need to know such Confidential Information for purposes of this Agreement
and who are under a duty of confidentiality no less restrictive than the Receiving Party’s duty
hereunder. The Receiving Party will protect the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information from
unauthorized use, access, or disclosure in the same manner as the Receiving Party protects its own
confidential or proprietary information of a similar nature and with no less than reasonable care.
6.3. Exceptions. The Receiving Party’s obligations under Section 6.2 with respect to any Confidential
Information of the Disclosing Party will terminate if such information: (a) was already known to the
Receiving Party at the time of disclosure by the Disclosing Party; (b) was disclosed to the Receiving
Party by a third party who had the right to make such disclosure without any confidentiality restrictions;
(c) is, or through no fault of the Receiving Party has become, available to the public; or (d) was
independently developed by the Receiving Party without access to, or use of, the Disclosing Party’s
Confidential Information. In addition, the Receiving Party will be allowed to disclose Confidential
Information of the Disclosing Party to the extent that such disclosure is (i) approved in writing by the
Disclosing Party, (ii) necessary for the Receiving Party to enforce its rights under this Agreement in
connection with a legal proceeding; or (iii) required by law or by the order of a court of similar judicial or
administrative body, provided that the Receiving Party, to the extent legally permissible, notifies the
Disclosing Party of such required disclosure promptly and in writing and cooperates with the Disclosing
Party, at the Disclosing Party’s request and expense, in any lawful action to contest or limit the scope of
such required disclosure.
6.4. Return of Confidential Information. The Receiving Party will return to the Disclosing Party or
destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party in the Receiving Party’s possession or
control and permanently erase all electronic copies of such Confidential Information promptly upon the
written request of the Disclosing Party and/or upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement
provided, however, that the Receiving Party, subject to the use and disclosure restrictions set forth
herein: (a) shall be entitled to retain one archival copy thereof solely for purposes of determining its
continuing obligations under this Agreement; and (b) shall not be required to destroy (i) any records
required to be held by it in accordance with applicable law, or (ii) computer records or files that have
been created pursuant to the Receiving Party’s automatic archiving and back-up procedures and the
removal of which is not technically reasonable.
7. Ownership and License.
7.1. Deliverables. Contingent upon Customer’s full payment of applicable Fees, and subject to this
Section 7.1 and Sections 7.2 and 7.3, Deliverables produced as a result of the Services performed by
Company under this Agreement shall be the property of Customer. Company shall retain the right to
use, reproduce, and display Deliverables for marketing purposes on its website, social media, and other
promotional purposes. Customer understands and agrees that Deliverables may not be reproduced or
modified in any form and Customer further agrees and understands that reproduction or editing by any
means, mechanical or electronic, without the explicit written permission of Company is expressly

-- 6 of 12 --

PROJECT AGREEMENT
Statement of Work & Terms and Conditions
prohibited. Any copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices in a Deliverable shall not be
removed.
7.2. Company Property. Company shall retain all Intellectual Property Rights in any and all tools,
routines, programs, code, designs, technology, images, ideas, know-how, processes, project files,
formulas, techniques, improvements, inventions and works of authorship which are made, developed,
conceived or reduced to practice by Company or its agents in connection with this Agreement and
which have general applicability apart from the Deliverables and any derivative works thereof. Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Company hereby grants to Customer a non-exclusive,
perpetual, worldwide, right and license, under all of Company’s Intellectual Property Rights, to all
Company Property incorporated into any Deliverable solely for Customer’s use and exploitation of such
Deliverable on the condition that Customer does not: (a) reproduce, distribute, or use Company
Property other than as components of the Deliverable; or (b) sublicense any rights in Company
Property other than in support of Customer’s internal business purposes.
7.3. Third-Party Content. Company shall obtain and maintain all necessary licenses, permissions,
releases, and rights to use any third-party content, including without limitation any images, footage,
music, sound recordings, photographs, artwork, or other materials (“Third-Party Content”) that
Company incorporates into any Deliverable. All rights, title, and interest in and to such Third-Party
Content, including all Intellectual Property Rights therein, shall be owned by Company or the licensor(s)
of such Third-Party Content.
7.4. Third-Party Technology. Customer acknowledges, understands, and consents to Company’s
utilization of certain third-party technologies, tools, programs or software (“Third-Party Technology”) in
the performance of the Services and completion of any Deliverables contemplated herein, including but
not limited to, creation, editing, enhancement, or post-production. For the avoidance of doubt, Third-
Party Technology may include, without limitation, “open source” software and generative artificial
intelligence technologies. If Customer requires Third Party Technology to be excluded from any aspect
of the Services or Deliverables, Customer shall provide written notification to Company of such
restriction prior to its execution of the applicable Statement of Work and such restriction shall be set
forth in that Statement of Work.
7.5. Reservation of Rights. Company reserves all rights not expressly granted to Customer under this
Agreement.
8. Authorized Agent & Indemnification. Customer authorizes Company to act as its agent to order and
coordinate services and products from and with appropriate vendors to fulfill the duties of Company as
described herein. Customer hereby agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Company and its officers,
directors, shareholders, affiliates, employees, agents, contractors, assigns, users, customers, providers,
licensees, and successors in interest (“Indemnified Parties”) from any and all claims, losses, liabilities,
damages, fees, expenses, and costs (including attorneys’ fees, court costs, damage awards, and settlement
amounts) that result from any claim or allegation against any Indemnified Parties arising in any manner from:
(i) Customer’s access to or use of any Deliverable and Service; (ii) Company’s use of any Customer Content or
other information provided to Company by or on behalf of Customer under this Agreement; and (iii) Customer’s
breach of any representation, warranty, or other provision of this Agreement. Company will provide Customer
with notice of any such claim or allegation, and Company will have the right to participate in the defense of any
such claim at its expense. Customer will not settle ay such claim without Company’s prior written consent (not
to be unreasonably withheld).

-- 7 of 12 --

PROJECT AGREEMENT
Statement of Work & Terms and Conditions
9. Limitations of Liability. IN NO EVENT WILL COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL,
INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST DATA AND LOST
PROFITS, ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. COMPANY’S TOTAL CUMULATIVE
LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY
STATEMENT OF WORK, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED THE
AMOUNT OF FEES PAID TO COMPANY UNDER THE APPLICABLE STATEMENT OF WORK. THE PARTIES
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE FEES REFLECT THE ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND
THAT THEY WOULD NOT ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT WITHOUT THESE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY.
10. General.
10.1. Publicity. Company may: (a) use Customer’s business name and logo in digital and written
materials identifying Company’s customers; (b) identify Customer in applicable case studies; and (c)
identify Customer as a reference for prospective customers (provided that Customer shall not be
obligated to comment in any way).
10.2. Compliance with Laws. Each party agrees to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, in its
use of all Deliverables.
10.3. Modifications to Terms and Conditions. Company reserves the right to amend, modify, or update
these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice to the Customer. Continued use of the
Services after any such changes shall constitute acceptance of the revised Terms and Conditions.
10.4. Assignments. Customer shall not assign any rights or obligations arising under this Agreement,
whether by operation or law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Company. Subject to the
foregoing limitation, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding on the successors
and assigns of the parties.
10.5. Force Majeure. In the event that performance by Company hereunder is delayed, hindered, or
prevented by reason beyond the control of Company, including failure of power, riots, insurrection, war,
labor disputes, Acts of God or other reasons of a similar nature, then such performance shall be
excused for the period of such delay and the period for the performance of any such work or act shall
be extended for a period equivalent to the period of such delay.
10.6. Notices. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, any notices required or allowed under this
Agreement will be provided to Company by postal mail to: Unbridled Media LLC, [1115 Grant St.,
Denver, CO, 80203] [info@unbridledmedia.com]. Company may provide Customer with any notices
required or allowed under this Agreement by sending Customer an e-mail to any e-mail address
Company has on file for Customer. In the case of any notice applicable both to Customer and other
customers of Company, Company may instead provide such notice by posting on the Company’s
website. Notices provided to Company will be deemed given when actually received by Company.
Notice provided to Customer will be deemed given 24 hours after posting to Company’s website or
sending via e-mail, unless (as to e-mail) the sending party is notified that the e-mail address is invalid.
10.7. Governing Law and Venue. This Agreement and all Statements of Work will be governed by and
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado, without reference to its choice of laws
rules. Subject to Section 10.8, any action or proceeding arising from or relating to this Agreement shall
be brought in a federal or state court in Denver, Colorado and each party irrevocably submits to the
jurisdiction and venue of any such court in any such action or proceeding.
10.8. Dispute Resolution. Company and Customer agree that they shall attempt to settle any claim or
controversy arising hereunder initially through mediation. If such mediation shall fail to resolve such

-- 8 of 12 --

PROJECT AGREEMENT
Statement of Work & Terms and Conditions
dispute, then such dispute shall be submitted to final and binding arbitration before JAMS (formerly
Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services), or its successor. Either party may commence the
arbitration process called for in this Section by filing a written demand for arbitration with JAMS, with a
copy to the other party. The arbitration will be conducted in accordance with the provisions of JAMS’
Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures in effect at the time of filing of the demand for
arbitration. The parties will cooperate with JAMS and with one another in selecting a single arbitrator
from JAMS’ panel of neutrals, and in scheduling the arbitration proceedings, which shall take place in
Denver, Colorado, and in the English language. The parties agree that they will participate in the
arbitration in good faith, and that they will share equally in its costs. The provisions of this Section may
be enforced by any Court of competent jurisdiction, and the party seeking enforcement shall be entitled
to an award of all costs, fees and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, to be paid by the party against
whom enforcement is ordered. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party may seek injunctive relief in a
Court of competent jurisdiction.
10.9. Remedies. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the parties’ rights and
remedies under this Agreement are cumulative. If any legal action is brought by a party to enforce this
Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to receive its attorneys’ fees, court costs, and other
collection expenses, in addition to any other relief it may receive.
10.10. Waivers. All waivers must be in writing. Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of this
Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on
any other occasion.
10.11. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or a Statement of Work is unenforceable, such
provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest
extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
10.12. Independent Contractor. Customer and Company hereby declare and agree that each is
engaged in an independent business and shall perform its obligations under this Agreement as an
independent contractor and not as an employee or servant of the other. Each has and hereby retains
the right to exercise full control of and supervision of the performance of its own obligations hereunder
and full control over the employment, direction, compensation and discharge of its own employees
assisting in the performance of such obligations. Each party shall be solely responsible for all matters
relating to payment of its own employees including compliance with workers compensation,
unemployment, disability insurance, social security, withholding and all other federal, state and local
laws, rules and regulations.
10.13. No Endorsement. Customer shall not represent, imply, or hold out to third parties that Company
is endorsing, recommending, sponsoring, or approving the activities, products, offerings, or business
practices of Customer. Any such representation is strictly prohibited unless explicitly authorized in
writing by Company. Customer’s use of any Deliverable developed or intended for use by or in
connection with Customer’s activities, as contemplated herein, shall strictly comply with all restrictions
and obligations set forth in this Agreement.
10.14. Construction. The headings of Sections of this Agreement and any Statement of Work are for
convenience and are not to be used in interpretation. As used in this Agreement and all Statements of
Work, the word “including” means “including but not limited to.”
10.15. Non-Solicitation of Personnel. Customer shall not, during the term of the Agreement and for one
(1) year thereafter, directly or indirectly hire or attempt to hire any Company employee or independent

-- 9 of 12 --

PROJECT AGREEMENT
Statement of Work & Terms and Conditions
contractor without Company’s prior written consent; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit
Customer from issuing advertisements of a general nature not specifically directed at any such
employee or independent contractor or using any recruiting agency that does not specifically target any
such employee or independent contractor.
10.16. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including any Statement of Work or other documents
incorporated herein or therein, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties regarding the
subject hereof and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, understandings, and
communication, whether written or oral. This Agreement and any Statement of Work shall not be
modified except by the mutual written agreement of the parties, including an Addendum to Terms and
Conditions executed by the parties.

-- 10 of 12 --

PROJECT AGREEMENT
Statement of Work & Terms and Conditions
NEXT STEPS:
Please review the terms and conditions outlined above. If everything looks good, sign below to finalize the
agreement and allow us to move forward with scheduling, coordination, and project kickoff.
UNBRIDLED MEDIA
___________________________________
Signature
___________________________________
Signature
___________________________________
Printed Name
___________________________________
Printed Name
___________________________________
Date
___________________________________
Date
UNBRIDLED SOLUTIONS
Alexander Northup (Jun 23, 2026 12:37:47 EDT)
Alexander Northup
Alex Northup
06/23/2026
Addison Northup
07/07/2026

-- 11 of 12 --

ResMed ASM 2026_UNBRIDLED
MEDIA_Contract_2026
Final Audit Report 2026-07-07
Created: 2026-06-23
By: Unbridled Media (billing@unbridledmedia.com)
Status: Signed
Transaction ID: CBJCHBCAABAA6oCsgojxgI_ZYVtM89wRQjFZk0wiPxhv
"ResMed ASM 2026_UNBRIDLED MEDIA_Contract_2026" Histo
ry
Document created by Unbridled Media (billing@unbridledmedia.com)
2026-06-23 - 4:06:04 PM GMT
Document emailed to Alexander Northup (anorthup@unbridledmedia.com) for signature
2026-06-23 - 4:07:33 PM GMT
Email viewed by Alexander Northup (anorthup@unbridledmedia.com)
2026-06-23 - 4:37:25 PM GMT
Document e-signed by Alexander Northup (anorthup@unbridledmedia.com)
Signature Date: 2026-06-23 - 4:37:47 PM GMT - Time Source: server - Signature Appearance Selected: TYPE
Document emailed to Addison Northup (aenorthup@unbridled.com) for signature
2026-06-23 - 4:37:48 PM GMT
Email viewed by Addison Northup (aenorthup@unbridled.com)
2026-07-07 - 4:52:59 PM GMT
Document e-signed by Addison Northup (aenorthup@unbridled.com)
Signature Date: 2026-07-07 - 4:53:18 PM GMT - Time Source: server - Signature Appearance Selected: IMAGE
Agreement completed.
2026-07-07 - 4:53:18 PM GMT

-- 12 of 12 --

